That should worry Europe, Americal and the world.
Americal did as much as any country to creat post-war Europe(战后欧洲).
In the late 1940s and the 1950s it was midwife(接生婆) to the treaty(条约) that became the European Union and t NATO, the military(军事的) alliance that won the cold war. 
The United States acted partly out of charity(慈善), but chiefly out of self-interest. Having been dragged into two world wars, it wanted to banish(消除) Franco-German rivalry(对抗) and build a rampat(堡垒) against the Soviet threat.

After the Soviet collaspe in 1991, the alliance anchored(固定) democracy in the newly liberated states of eastern Europe.



Today, However, America and Europe are seperated by a growing rift(不和,裂缝). The mood(气氛) before the NATO summit in Brussels on July 11th and 12th is poisonous(恶意的,有毒的). As President Donald Trump accuses the Europeans of bad faith and of failing to pull_their_weight(承担责任,自给自足), they accuse him of crass(粗鲁的) vandalism(故意破坏).

A second summit, between Vladimir Putin and Mr Trump in Helsinki on July 16th, could produce the once unthinkable spectacle of an America President treating his Russian oppoent better than he has just treated his allies.

Even if the two summits pass off without controversy - as they might, given how Mr Trump delights(高兴) in confounding(击败,使困惑) his critics(批评者)-the differing priorities, divergent(有分歧的,分散的) belifes and clashing(相反的) political cultures will remain.

The Western alliance is in trouble, and that should worry Europe, America and the world.

Every alliance has it tensions(紧张关系), but the Western one is strained on a bewildering(让人困惑的) number fronts. Mr Trump, and his generals, are exasperated(恼火的) by the feeble efforts of many NATO members to honour their promise to raise defence speeding towards 2% of GDP.

The American right tends to condemn European support for the Iranian nuclear deal, and what is sees as a bias against Israel.  And policymaker from both parties think that, as the world's attention shifts to Aisa, whining(哀嚎), sanctimonious(假装圣洁的) Europeans deserve less of time. 

As if that were not enough, Mr Trump fatuously(致命的) accuses the EU of set up to take advantage of the United States, and chastises(严惩) it for unfair trade. Meanwhile, Europe is divided, Italy has a new populist coalition(组织) that is pro-Putin. So, increasingly, is Turkey, a member of NATO, which is hostile(有敌意) to the liberal democratic values that bind the alliance. 

Worse could be in store. A Labour goverment in Britain under Jeremy Corbyn, who has a long history of opposing the use of arms by the west, would treat America with deep suspicionl; he could even to leave NATO.